The climbers failed to reach the peak of the mountain.
I spilled glue on the wood.
The patient could not afford the medical procedure.
The photographer could not see the child's face.
The student felt sick and wanted to go home.
The rider fell to the ground.
I drank from the water fountain.
The offender violated parole.
The skier slipped on the slope.
We forgot the water in the teapot.
The ring on my finger got stuck.
I needed to get cash.
The swimmer won the race.
The time was earlier than I thought.
The student learned most mistakes.
My friend had to go for a health checkup.
The shop was very popular.
The host of the trivia show called on the contestant for an answer.
The host of the trivia show called on the contestant to pick a category.
The family postponed the barbeque.
The politician lost the election.
The waistband on my pants was loose.
I tipped the bottle.
My jaw dropped open.
The visitor used the old door knocker instead of the door bell.
The bureau drawers were cluttered.
The detective revealed an anomaly in the case.
We ordered a pizza.
I wanted to lighten the mood of the conversation.
Our group's conversation gradually lulled to silence.
I drank a cup of coffee.
The fans in the stadium were apathetic.
I burst into a fit of laughter.
The parents received a birth certificate.
I cut my nails.
The student enjoyed cooking.
The driver honked her horn.
The guests of the party hid behind the couch.
The driver looked into the rear camera.
Our group's conversation gradually escalated.
The fans in the stadium cheered.
I rubbed the soap between my hands.
The student received detention.
I scrubbed the stain on the floor.
The skydiver started to fall down.
I enjoyed my chewing gum.
The button on my laptop fell off.
The lobbyist persuaded the president that the bill was bad for business.
The executive decided to hire the applicant.
The hospital sent the patient home.
I needed to carry cash.
I took off the rubber gloves.
The librarian located the book in the stacks.
I clumsily bumped into the stranger.
I pulled on the knob.
The customer filed a complaint with the store manager.
I put rubber gloves on.
The flashlight was broken.
I ironed my shirt.
I botched the job interview.
The school principal effected the honor code.
The soil was dry.
A group of teenagers helped organizing the party.
My car was rejuvenated.
The archelogist discovered the site.
The stranger cried out to me in a foreign language.
I avoided giving a straight answer to the question.
The driver crashed over to the side of the road.
The driver check her rear mirror for cyclists.
The teacher covered a lot of material.
My eyes became red and puffy.
I pressed my hand into the wet cement.
I smeared the stain on the floor.
I misplaced my wallet.
I was tired of standing.
The politician was convicted of fraud.
I cut my foot on the floor.
The celebrity took off her sunglasses.
The politician won the election.
The driver got a flat tire.
The cook stirred the ingredients in the bowl.
An awful song came on the radio.
The driver pulled up the roof of his convertible.
The photographer got the child to smile.
I stood on one foot.
The DJ turned the music on.
The defendant listened anxiously.
My friend was recovering from surgery.
I opened the door of the wagon.
I needed to call someone.
I paid for friend's my ticket.
The shopper won a discount on the cost of the item.
I stayed up late.
My mind was full of paintings.
I replaced the floor with brand new tile.
The gardener wanted his plants to flourish.
The friends' debate dragged on interminably.
I slipped at the pool.
I tossed the ball upwards.
The friends did not have a debate.
I flipped the light switch up and down.
The driver pulled over to the side of the road.
The trip took a long time.
My friend wanted to stay overnight.
I wanted to tense up the mood of the conversation.
I was moved.
I chugged the pitcher of water.
The host cancelled the party.
The offender was poor.
The patient went into a fugue state.
The teenager made many new friends.
I reached the top of the building.
I received someone's package in the mail.
I turned the light switch off.
My stomach was heavy.
The skydiver glided safely to the ground.
My foot went numb.
The student misspelled the word.
My skin broke out into a rash.
I received a package in the mail.
The benefactor looked extremely excited.
The player could not see the ball.
The surfer caught the wave.
The cook boiled the ingredients in the bowl.
I pushed the wagon.
The celebrity wore sunglasses.
I wanted to conserve energy.
The chef pressed down on the dough.
The gardener wanted more plants to flourish.
The people carried the umbrellas.
I cleaned my skin.
The journalist did not write about the humanitarian.
My face dropped.
The driver turned on the car's headlights.
My room looked boring.
I made a resolution to eat a healthy diet.
I made a resolution to become fitter.
The lobbyist persuaded the legislature to support the bill.
The school principal implemented a dress code.
The DJ did not play good music.
The parents forbade their children from watching the movie. 
The boaters set off a flare.
I touched the ice cube.
I ran out of breath.
A group of teenagers crashed the party.
My car was towed.
The manufacturer wouldn't fix the screen on the laptop after it went black.
The benefactor requested to stay anonymous.
I was less worried about losing the key.
I no longer broke out into a rash.